Create A11y-Testing-Cross-Device.md (#8845)
bbc/simorgh: docs/A11y-Testing-Cross-Device.md

> # Testing on Multiple Devices for an A11y Swarm

Reviewer: Is "A11y swarm" a well understood term outside of the BBC? This will be a public document, so I think we should we use simpler terminology, e.g. accessibility instead of a11y?

Author: Accessibility is referred to as a11y outside of the BBC, in fact this page describes it's origin and specifically it's focus around digital accessibility: https://www.a11yproject.com/about/#what-does-the-term-a11y-mean 

I'll add a bit more info about what a swarm is and link out to that page.

> When developing any feature for this project we ensure we check our site as as accessible to as many users as we can by completing an [a11y swarm](https://bbc.github.io/accessibility-news-and-you/guides/accessibility-swarms.html). When conducting an A11y swarm, we often want to test a branch of Simorgh across multiple devices, e.g. on an A11y laptop with specialist software installed. In this document we specify some instructions to allow you to test cross device with Simorgh; we assume the dev machine is MacOS, any device can be used for a11y testing. The instructions allow you to load a locally running instance of Simorgh on your local wifi network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When developing any feature for this project we ensure we check our site is as accessible to as many users as we can by completing an [a11y swarm](https://bbc.github.io/accessibility-news-and-you/guides/accessibility-swarms.html). When conducting an A11y swarm, we often want to test a branch of Simorgh across multiple devices, e.g. on an A11y laptop with the [Assistive Technology we support](https://bbc.github.io/accessibility-news-and-you/accessibility-and-supported-assistive-technology), such as screen readers. 
In this document we specify some instructions to allow you to test cross device with Simorgh; we assume the dev machine is MacOS, any device can be used for a11y testing. The instructions allow you to load a locally running instance of Simorgh on your local WiFi network.
```

1. In Simorgh's route directory navigate to [`webpack.config.client.js`](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/blob/latest/webpack.config.client.js)

> 2. Replace `localhost` on [line 33](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/blob/65743560d6721eef69ae64cc66d6b569cfd2d000/webpack.config.client.js#L33) and [line 40](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/blob/65743560d6721eef69ae64cc66d6b569cfd2d000/webpack.config.client.js#L40) to `0.0.0.0`

Reviewer 2: Are these two steps strictly necessary? I remember just having to update [this](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/blob/latest/envConfig/local.env#L3) line, to match your machine's IP address e.g.  `http://192.168.0.xx:7080`

Author: Not entirely sure tbh, I followed them from @rhenshaw56 's original issue, I'll try and remember to give this a go without these steps next time I do an a11y swarm.

3. Open up a new terminal window and type `ifconfig`
4. CMD + F for `inet` and find your local network IP address, it will likely be in this format `inet 192.168.0.xx` with the `xx` being your devices IP number.

> 5. In the `local.env` file, change the [these lines](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/blob/4521b30e356673c68472cef2c67c234955e889b3/envConfig/local.env#L2..L3) to match your dev machine's IP address: `http://192.168.0.xx:7080`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. In the `local.env` file, change [these lines](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/blob/4521b30e356673c68472cef2c67c234955e889b3/envConfig/local.env#L2..L3) to match your dev machine's IP address: `http://192.168.0.xx:7080`
```

> # Testing on Multiple Devices for an [A11y](https://www.a11yproject.com/about/#what-does-the-term-a11y-mean) Swarm

Reviewer 4: Please update to "How to test on multiple devices during development for accessibility"

> When developing any feature for this project we ensure we check our site is as accessible to as many users as we can by completing an [a11y swarm](https://bbc.github.io/accessibility-news-and-you/guides/accessibility-swarms.html). When conducting an A11y swarm, we often want to test a branch of Simorgh across multiple devices, e.g. on an A11y laptop with the [Assistive Technology we support](https://bbc.github.io/accessibility-news-and-you/accessibility-and-supported-assistive-technology), such as screen readers. 

Reviewer 4: Update to: When developing any feature for this project we ensure we check our site is as accessible to as many users as we can. We often need to test a branch of Simorgh across multiple devices e.g. on mobile device and an a11y laptop with the assistive technology we support, such as screen readers.

Reviewer 4: Not sure this is updated @andrewscfc ?

> In this document we specify some instructions to allow you to test cross device with Simorgh; we assume the dev machine is MacOS, any device can be used for a11y testing. The instructions allow you to load a locally running instance of Simorgh on your local WiFi network.

Reviewer 4: update 'a11y' to 'accessibility'
